tipe a ranking that still does not allow you to fully enjoy success
in the big match taranto 1 to 0 wins just like the first leg
in the final and on the kick the tarantini bring the
campobasso twice in the same season inflicting on the Molisans the
half of the losses suffered
ex musetta and a little back a little disputed disappoints his first ever
iacovone from ex
the Molisans are often distracted nervous contracts, a leader was expected
more leaders but the performance of the campobasso gazette of some in all
departments
it seems calibrated the race makes sparks the fights are frequent
game soon turns into a real competitive ardor battle
of the men of rare goods the game will pass into the hands of the masters
at home and there remains forever in the stands a pit here we seem to struggle
wanting to say in chorus the approximately 7000 of the iacovone
important cecomori for the matter you have to go
the Spanish captain on the bench gives his precious contribution
experience
battles in all areas of the field opportunities
in the taranto they are a kilo of stasis out of the area, barely saved by the young man
de rosa and a punishment of champions that the same goalkeeper manages to fiddle with
the low head makes you see connected bvb that penetrates matt ends weakly
fix it
then of head isidore at the beginning of shooting parade on the line
providential of a couple of Molise attempts
they are thwarted by the very good glory at the 34th goal-match
campioli artfully performs a kick of the interlocutor explodes into
a roar. 3 minutes
of campobasso reacts but without much conviction why taranto means with
anger competitive ardor they make the expenses first campioli and then magno expelled
for foul play, however, the name tarantini on the pitch and seventh is enough
stands to halve the disadvantage and to continue hoping facebook laws
on the game I don't know if they already did it as Roma
the beauty of women
Hello how are you
maybe it's a little less tonight
boring as before
everything like before
as before
laser - episode 3 radar. the advantageous n
because we have to manage until the end surfa
too low that loses at the return to the taranto by a pinch of
anger
passing from China always on a free kick.
is another eon
bet
understand the victory of today awards snowfall
majestic campobasso in via
scene the opportunity to score has a little more grade
that is, tasks perego under door upon fading for nothing but a part
this consideration roma starts from
in order to always be blocked by a disappointed negative episode we have
had us
maybe maybe it's open
the advance work is high tre.it
that are so many recipes a little while ago said that three points are still many
ikea configurations
the poetry of today of Campobasso would be the advantage of the reply
barbu 7 evidently looked only at one or two of his actions
team I have not looked at the taranto
I believe that many times coaches for a professional matter I believe
for a while a flight question can not say that last lower
other
I don't know how many spectators today
measurements for hp 7000 6,000 7,000 spectators along with all of you
particular watched they will watch it maybe on television tonight
they will be able to decide
tomorrow night when it is imposed on us
now rain as
believe it again
I said it before your colleagues Gianni that we still did not believe
when the famous points - today we have even more
but I believe it is fundamental to believe in it